Devservices documentation (#281)
quarkiverse/quarkus-amazon-services: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/amazon-sns.adoc

* An AWS Account to access the SNS service
* Optionally, Docker for your system to run SNS locally for testing purposes

=== Provision SNS locally via Dev Services

The easiest way to start working with SNS is to run a local instance using Dev Services.

=== Provision SNS locally manually

> You can also setup a local version of SNS manually, first start a localstack container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set up a local version of SNS manually, first start a localstack container:
```
